conf/bash/profile .bash_profile
conf/bash/hushlogin .hushlogin
conf/git/attributes .gitattributes
conf/git/ignore .gitignore
conf/git/message .gitmessage
conf/misc/tmux .tmux.conf
conf/misc/image_optim conf/.image_optim.yml
conf/misc/overcommit .overcommit.yml
conf/runcom/ack .ackrc
conf/runcom/bash .bashrc
conf/runcom/csscomb .csscomb.json
conf/runcom/csslint .csslintrc
conf/runcom/curl .curlrc
conf/runcom/input .inputrc
conf/runcom/jscs .jscsrc
conf/runcom/jshint .jshintrc
conf/runcom/scss-lint .scss-lint.yml
conf/runcom/wget .wgetrc
conf/ssh/config .ssh/config
conf/vim/ctags .ctags
conf/vim/editor .editorconfig
